.TH edward-shen 1 "2019-04-10" "4.3.2" "Edward Shen Manual"

.SH NAME
edward-shen \- some random software developer

.SH SYNOPSIS
Honors candidate for a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science at
Northeastern University with a 3.81 GPA, expecting to gradudate in 2021.

Classes taken include but not limited to:
  Data Collection, Integration, and Analysis; Machine Learning/Data
  Mining 1; Algorithms and Data; Object-Oriented Design; Discrete
  Structures; Networks and Distributed Systems; Logic and Computation

.SH DESCRIPTION
Edward Shen is compatible with many languages. However, some are
more compatible than others:

  Proficient: JavaScript (Node.js), Java, HTML5, CSS
.br
    Familiar: Rust, Python, Typescript, Latex
.br
    Explored: C/C++, Ruby, Racket

Edward Shen is also compatbile with some frameworks:

  ReactJS, GraphQL, Sass

Finally, there's some integration with some miscellaneous tools:

  Git, Jekyll, (Arch) Linux, Zsh, VS Code, Raspberry Pi

.SH EXAMPLES
Software Engineer Intern @ Datto - 2019-08-19 to 2019-12-20
.br
Worked on the Backupify team.

Production Engineer Intern @ Facebook - 2019-05-13 to 2019-08-02
.br
Team TBD.

.SH SEE ALSO
Dotfile \- A Rust CLI to manage config my Arch linux config files. Has
advanced capabilities to assign post-install installations.

MagicMirror\*{2\*} Modules \- Multiple modules developed for a smart
mirror platform. Includes a modules to show MBTA station data and a
module page multiplexer. Gets around 50 downloads every week.

Harmony \- Husky Hacks Hackathon winner. Peer-to-peer encrypted group
messaging system based on the (n+1)sec protocol, offering deniable
distributed communications and forward secrecy.

.SH BUGS
Edward Shen has a few bugs. However, these bugs are minor, and will not
affect daily usage of Edward Shen. The following list is a set of
notable bugs:

#402: Edward Shen contains 20% bloat as consequence of design choices.
      We are currently looking into a solution.

#421: Edward Shen requires a lot of resources to run. Notably, we see
      that Edward Shen requires a lot of caffeine more work is done.

.SH AUTHOR
Edward Shen <code@eddie.sh> - Primary Author

Edward Shen is only possible thanks to two upstream projects, which are
closed sourced and have requested to remain anonymous. A sister project
has also greatly contributed to Edward Shen.

We would also like to thank all contributors and friends who had helped
develop Edward Shen.

.SH COPYRIGHT
This man page is under GPLv3 or later. To use Edward Shen for any
purpose, please contact Edward Shen <code@eddie.sh> to request a
license.
